Johnson amp; Johnson May Buy Guidant for $24 Billion, People Say. Johnson amp; Johnson, the world #39;s biggest maker of medical devices, may buy defibrillator maker Guidant Corp. for $24 billion, people familiar with the situation said today.
Some 600 killed, 1,000 missing and presumed dead in Haiti: premier. PARIS : Floods in Haiti have killed 600 people and left 1,000 others missing and presumed dead, Prime Minister Gerard Latortue told French radio.
Apple Extends iTunes to Europe. The EU iTunes Music Store retains the same features and per-song price of 99 euro cents, established in June for customers in UK, Germany and France.
Russia gets budget version of Windows. com September 27, 2004, 5:00 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Briefly: McAfee CFO joins Cray board. roundup Plus: Unisys boosts COO to CEO...Turn your fingerprints into passwords...IBM gives grants to universities.
Indonesia #39;s Bashir Mocks Terror Charges in Court. Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir told a court on Thursday his terrorism trial was a joke and mocked prosecutors by challenging them to file more bombing charges against him so the quot;thrill quot; was complete.
Breakthrough could provide chips with everything. One of the last frontiers of semiconductor technology - environments where electronic devices have to run at high power, in fierce heat or at lethal doses of radiation - may be about to fall.
Sun eyes home users with Sun Ray update. SAN FRANCISCO - Sun Microsystems on Monday will update its Sun Ray platform with new workstations and server software that company executives believe will give the thin client devices a foothold among home users.
Update: Motorola to acquire MeshNetworks. Motorola has agreed to buy MeshNetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
Scientist: FDA Incapable of Protecting Safety. Nov. 18, 2004 -- An FDA scientist who says he was pressured by superiors not to warn the public about the cardiovascular risk of Vioxx urged lawmakers Thursday to create an independent safety office free of
U.S. and Trade Partners Maintain Unhealthy Long-Term Relationship. A growing number of economists argue that the U.S. is caught in a gradual deterioration brought on by the yawning deficit in trade and other international transactions.
Sony in tune over digital music. But, if the digital music player becomes as ubiquitous as the VCR, at least there won #39;t be thousands of us forever cursing: #39;I bought a bloody Sony.
Air NZ: Aussie regulator granted alliance appeal. WELLINGTON: National carrier Air New Zealand said yesterday the Australian Competition Tribunal has approved a proposed alliance with Qantas Airways Ltd, despite its rejection in New Zealand.
Glaus Headed to Arizona??. PHOENIX ( Sports Network ) - Free agent third baseman Troy Glaus is reportedly headed to the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Mourners file past Arafat #39;s tomb. Mourners filed past Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb in Ramallah Saturday as Palestinian soldiers kept watch over what had been a chaotic scene just hours before.
Pakistan #39;s Malik awaits results. Pakistan #39;s Shoaib Malik could play in the first Test against Australia starting on Thursday as he waits for results of tests on his bowling action.
3rd career win all but clinches Cup contention. FONTANA, CALIF. - Elliott Sadler raced to his second victory of the season Sunday night at California Speedway and all but wrapped up a spot in NASCAR #39;s new championship playoff.
Brazil Amazon Deforestation Jumps, Data Show. An area of Amazon jungle larger than the US state of New Jersey has been destroyed this year and work on a new highway is mainly to blame, environmental group Friends
Kofi Annan #39;s Son Under Scrutiny. NEW YORK - The US Justice Department criminal probe into the UN Oil-for-Food program is focusing on several individuals, among them UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan #39;s son.
Red Sox Sign Wells; Pavano Courts Yanks ( AP ) . AP - David Wells made the surprising decision to sign with the Boston Red Sox, Carl Pavano picked the New York Yankees and Roger Clemens narrowed his choices to the Houston Astros or retirement.
Online retail sales continue to surge. Online retail sales continue to show significant growth, according to the latest figures released by the US Department of Commerce.
Bush Boosts Presidential Pomp in Election ( AP ) . AP - It starts on the South Lawn, where a white-gloved Marine snaps a morning salute to President Bush as he strides toward his helicopter. Minutes later, the president turns to wave from the doorway of Air Force One.
Stocks Open Higher; Fed Offers Relief ( Reuters ) . Reuters - U.S. stocks opened higher on Thursday, with oil prices slipping on signs of strong supplies and Wall Street encouraged that the Federal Reserve seemed unlikely to accelerate the pace of interest rate hikes.
REGION: Taliban stepping up plans to disrupt elections: US. KABUL: The Taliban and their Al Qaeda allies were stepping up plans to disrupt Afghanistans first direct presidential election on Oct 9, the head of the US-led coalition said on Saturday.
Insurance industry probe goes coast-to-coast. The investigation of insurance industry practices launched by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer isn #39;t just spreading to include more insurers, it has set off a frenzy of scrutiny nationwide, from California to Connecticut.
Knicks Swat Hornets 86-79 ( AP ) . AP - Stephon Marbury had 22 points and nine assists to help the New York Knicks end a three-game losing streak with an 86-79 victory over New Orleans on Wednesday night, dropping the Hornets to 0-9 at home.
UK Muslims in Iraq on mercy mission. A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain has travelled to Baghdad to make a plea for the release of British captive Ken Bigley.
Salzburg skull 'could be Mozart's'. The bodies of some of Mozart's relatives are exhumed for DNA testing to find out if a skull held in Salzburg is the composer's.
Bengals ink veteran safety Mitchell. Cincinnati, OH ( Sports Network ) - The Cincinnati Bengals signed veteran safety Anthony Mitchell on Wednesday to fill their depleted secondary.
Marino Doesn't See Return to Dolphins Soon ( AP ) . AP - Dan Marino misses being part of the Miami Dolphins, yet does not see a scenario where he'd soon consider returning to the team's front office.
Carpenter to Miss Division Series. ST. LOUIS ( Sports Network ) - St. Louis Cardinals starting pitcher Chris Carpenter is expected to miss the first round of the playoffs next week with an injury to his right arm.
Earnhardt Jr. Snags Win. More than a month after sustaining burns in a wreck, Dale Earnhardt Jr. broke out of a six-week slump with a win in the Sharpie 500 in Bristol.
Technical Hitch Delays Russia Space Station Launch. The launch of a Russian rocket scheduled to blast off to the International Space Station next month has been postponed because of problems with the docking system, Russia #39;s space agency said on Wednesday.
Sympathy for Pfizer. The market acts like Vioxx, Bextra, and Celebrex are the same drugs. They're not.
The Fight of His Life. Kofi Annan built a reputation as the world's most trusted diplomat, but the oil-for-food scandal has riled U.S. critics. Is his job in jeopardy?
Photo: Seagate's new pocket drive. The 3-inch Seagate USB 2.0 Pocket Hard Drive has a retractable USB cable and rubber feet designed to keep it still when it's being using with a desktop.
Judge Dismisses Charges Vs. Bush Protester ( AP ) . AP - A judge has dismissed charges against a war protester who was arrested during a visit by President Bush last spring.
Launch team salutes Cape #39;s pad 36A after final liftoff. It was the starting point for dozens of commercial communications satellites, military spacecraft and pioneering space probes, including the first man-made object to journey outside our solar system.
Five killed, scores hurt as rebels bomb buses in India's northeast ( AFP ) . AFP - Five people were killed and scores wounded in northeast India when militants blew up two buses, threw a grenade into a market and triggered twin blasts on a railway track, officials said.
Barnes Noble Posts Lower Profit ( Reuters ) . Reuters - Barnes Noble Inc. , the top U.S. bookseller, on Monday said quarterly profit fell due to higher expenses and weaker demand for bestseller titles, sending its stock down more than 2 percent.
You #39;ll be back, Arnie tells Japan. HE was last in Japan as the Terminator, while he was away he became the Governator, and now he #39;s back as ... what, the Promotivator?
Disabled Are Pleased With E-Voting ( AP ) . AP - This November, Eileen Rivera Ley, 41, will vote by herself for the first time. Blind voters in Maryland and several other states will use electronic voting machines equipped with technology that allows the disabled to vote independently.
Sudan Talks End in Deadlock on Humanitarian Issues. Darfur rebels and the Sudanese government ended peace talks on Sunday in Nigeria in a deadlock on how to address what the United Nations has called the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis.
Yankees Seek to Keep Pitcher Jon Lieber ( AP ) . AP - After watching their starting pitchers struggle for much of the season, the New York Yankees would like to bring Jon Lieber back for 2005.
Baldini Wins Marathon. Italy's Stefano Baldini wins the marathon in 2 hours, 10 minutes, 54 seconds. Mebrahtom Keflezighi of the United States takes silver.
Tentative Contract for United Pilots Reached. Negotiators for United Airlines and its pilots' union have reached a tentative agreement on a new contract, the union said Tuesday. Details were not disclosed
Weak exports, consumption take toll on South Korea's economy ( AFP ) . AFP - South Korea's economy achieved lower-than-expected growth in the three months to September as domestic demand failed to pick up the slack from weakening exports.
End of the line for Waterloo #39;s Eurostars. which cost 130million and opened only 10 years ago - is to close. The fleet of Eurostar trains, which connect London with Paris
Blue Hens punch ticket to quarters. Sonny Riccio ran for two touchdowns and passed for 148 yards to lead Delaware to a 28-14 win over visiting Lafayette yesterday in the first round of the Division 1-AA playoffs.
Office Depot chairman resigns. Bruce Nelson, chairman and chief executive of Office Depot Inc. of Delray Beach, Fla., Monday resigned by mutual agreement with the board.
Karzai #39;s lead shows Afghan ethnic divide. Hamid Karzai has been cruising to victory in Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential elections, but the returns so far have underscored the ethnic fault lines that often divide the country.
Australian rowers row reaches a new low. RELATIONS within the Australian womens eight rowing crew have hit a new low with Olympian Catriona Oliver slapping much-publicised team-mate Sally Robbins in front of onlookers at anofficial function on Wednesday night.
Plugged Into the Market. Happy Hash wanted his real estate agent to sell his two-story Colonial house in Springfield quickly and he wanted to get a fair price for it. Even Hash, though, didn't expect to sell within 10 days for more than the asking price.
Ukraine PM on Verge of Victory, Rival Cries Foul. KIEV ( Reuters ) - Ukraine's prime minister was on the verge of victory in a presidential election on Monday but his liberal rival accused the authorities of mass fraud and told thousands of supporters to stay on the streets in protest.
300 Palestinian captives resume hunger strike after two day &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. Some 300 Palestinian captives in the Israeli jail of Ashkelon on Monday resumed their open-ended hunger strike after suspending it for two days.
FedEx Ordered to Repay U.S. #36;29 Million ( Reuters ) . Reuters - FedEx Corp.'s express air shipping unit has been ordered by the U.S. government to repay #36;29 million in excess funds received under an act established after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, the company said on Friday.
Hasina escapes unhurt as Dhaka blast kills 14. DHAKA: Bangladesh opposition leader and former prime minister Sheikh Hasina had a narrow escape as a powerful blast at a rally of her Awami League party killed 14 people and injured 200 here on Saturday.
China: Relations with EU will Suffer if Arms Embargo Continues. China has warned that continuing the European Union ( EU ) arms embargo on Beijing will negatively affect the relationship between them.
FDA approves injecting ID chips in patients. The US Food and Drug Administration has approved the practice of injecting humans with tracking devices for medical purposes, according to a Florida company that makes the devices.
Update 2: Corporate Tax Law Overhaul Passage Likely. The Senate is expected to follow the lead of the House and pass a major overhaul of corporate tax law that would dole out $136 billion in new tax breaks to a wide array of US companies and provide a $10.
Turkey Launches New Currency ( AP ) . AP - Turkey launched a new currency Saturday by dropping six zeros from the old one, in a sign of progress in its decades-long struggle with inflation. But getting rid of old habits in a country where even a loaf of bread costs hundreds of thousands isn't likely to be easy.
Oil Unlikely to Knock Fed Off Rate Plan ( Reuters ) . Reuters - The U.S. economy may lose a step to record high oil prices but concerns over inflation are likely to keep the Federal Reserve on a steady course of gradually raising interest rates, analysts say.
Gandhi #39;s grandson ends visit to W. Bank. Arun Gandhi, grandson of late Indian Prime Minister Mahatma Gandhi, ended a solidarity trip to the West Bank on Sunday, saying the only option for the Palestinians is non-violent resistance.
Northwest Backs Down: Following Backlash, Carrier Rescinds GDS &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;. Northwest Airlines late last week rescinded a policy to levy fees on travel agent bookings made through global distribution systems.
Coeur Still Committed to Wheaton Deal. Coeur d #39;Alene Mines Corp. said Tuesday that it remains committed to its takeover bid for Canadian miner Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.
No. 22 Alabama Edges Charlotte 101 ( 3OT ) ( AP ) . AP - Kennedy Winston scored a career-high 33 points and hit a 16-foot jumper with 20.5 seconds left in the third overtime to give No. 22 Alabama a 102-101 win over Charlotte on Saturday night.
Marsh to Replace CEO Greenberg - FT ( Reuters ) . Reuters - Jeffrey Greenberg, chairman and chief executive of embattled insurance broker Marsh McLennan Cos. , is expected to step down within hours, a newspaper reported on Friday, citing people close to the discussions.
UPDATE 3-Continental Air to cut 425 jobs, warns on wages. Continental Airlines Inc. ( CAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research ) plans to eliminate about 425 management and clerical jobs, and wage cuts may be next if the revenue picture does not improve, the No.
Oil Rises Nearly 2 Percent on Colder US Weather. Oil prices jumped nearly 2 percent on Tuesday as colder weather in the United States, the world #39;s largest heating oil market, brought temperatures more in line with seasonal norms.
Record breakers? Fat hope, Real. MADRID - Real Madrid were just too proud. That was how coach Jose Antonio Camacho explained the Spanish giants #39; 0-3 thrashing by Bayer Leverkusen in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Surfing the Tsunami. A tsunami, a series of large waves caused by the disruption of seawater, is one of the many hazards of living on Earth. A mega-tsunami could cause death and destruction to both the eastern and western Atlantic coasts.
Cloud hangs over Dec. auto sales. SAN FRANCISCO ( CBS.MW ) -- November US auto sales for domestic manufacturers disappointed industry watchers on Thursday, raising concerns about tepid results in the typically strong final month of the year.
ESPN to Offer Phone Service Through Sprint ( AP ) . AP - Sports cable channel ESPN will launch its own branded wireless phone service next year, the first in a series of branded cell phone services planned by The Walt Disney Co., which owns ESPN.
Four China Aviation Officials Surrender Passports ( Update1 ) . Four China Aviation Oil ( Singapore ) Corp. executives surrendered their passports to Singapore #39;s Commercial Affairs Department, the white-collar crime unit that is investigating a $550 million loss posted by the company.
Miller acquisition put on hold. Damian Miller #39;s first chance to don a Brewers cap was put indefinitely on hold late Wednesday, when the team announced it could not complete the 35-year-old #39;s physical before the Thanksgiving holiday.
Deep-sea trawling's 'great harm'. A coalition of environmental and conservation groups calls for a ban on the damaging fishing practice known as bottom-trawling.
Iraqi militant group frees abducted Bangladeshi driver: family :. World News gt; Dhaka, Dec 10 : A Bangladeshi truck driver, who was abuducted by an Iraqi militant group nearly two months ago, has been freed, his brother said today.
Infineon execs to get prison terms. While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace
McNealy: Sun still strong on Oracle ( InfoWorld ) . InfoWorld - SAN FRANCISCO -- Despite Oracle #8217;s strategic push for Linux- and Intel-based deployments, Sun Microsystems retains its position as the leading platform for Oracle, Sun Chairman and CEO Scott McNealy said Wednesday at the Oracle OpenWorld conference here.
Glazer increases united stake. Glazer, who on Friday spent 45 million to take his stake in the Old Trafford club to 25.3. has bought another six million shares in United, offering a further indication that he is not about to back down from his desire to take control.
Berlin brings calm to #39;Canes. Brock Berlin #39;s relationship with University of Miami football fans has been uneasy at best. He has tried to appease them as best he could -- by winning games, particularly in the fourth quarter.
Roy Disney says Eisner should be ousted now. Roy Disney, heading a dissident shareholder group at the Walt Disney Co., urged board members to accelerate the departure of chief executive Michael Eisner, who plans to resign in September 2006.
Latest economy data show growth slowing. Japan #39;s economy grew 0.3 percent in real terms in the April-June period from the previous quarter, the government said Friday, marking a surprise downward revision from the initially reported expansion of 0.4 percent.
Chernobyl 'caused Sweden cancers'. A study suggests more than 800 cancer cases in northern Sweden may be caused by the Chernobyl disaster.
Broad Use of Harsh Tactics Is Described at Cuba Base. Many detainees at Guantnamo Bay were regularly subjected to harsh and coercive treatment, several people who worked in the prison said in recent interviews.
Services sector up, manufacturing down. An industry survey said growth in the vast US services sector expanded in October, with a slight rise in the employment index. Meanwhile, the Commerce Department said orders placed with US factories fell for
Google Stock Sale Delayed as SEC Doesn #39;t Act on IPO ( Update1 ) . Aug. 17 ( Bloomberg ) -- Google Inc. #39;s plan to sell shares today in an initial public offering was delayed because the US Securities and Exchange Commission didn #39;t act on the company #39;s request to approve its stock registration.
EIA Says Heating Oil Bills to Rise ( Reuters ) . Reuters - The United States has plenty of fuel in storage for winter heating thanks to near full-throttle refinery production, but household energy bills are still likely to be up sharply, the head of the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) said on Friday.
Mutu sacks his Romanian agents. Romanian striker Adrian Mutu, who was dismissed by English premier league club Chelsea for taking cocaine before being banned by the Football Association last week, fired his agents on Monday.
PalmOne, Microsoft Join on Mobile E-Mail. Sometimes it pays to befriend an enemy. Longtime foes palmOne Inc. and Microsoft Corp. Tuesday announced a licensing deal that will allow the next generation of palmOne #39;s
US, EU Trade Blows on Aircraft Subsidies. WASHINGTON, DC / BRUSSELS, Belgium - 10/07/04 - Whatever meager goodwill was gained by the move yesterday - albeit tardy - by Congress to act on the contentious Foreign Sales Corporation - Extraterritorial Income Act ( FSC-ETI ) export tax mechanism has
Science Magazine Names Mars Discovery Breakthrough of the Year. Before leaving Endurance Crater, Opportunity rovers panoramic camera, or Pancam, captured this view of quot;Burns Cliff quot; at the base of the southeastern portion of the inner wall of the crater.
Microsoft focuses on apps modeling. Microsoft on Tuesday is looking to extend visual modeling of applications in its Visual Studio 2005 platform, with an early release of technology to enable developers to author industry-specific modeling tools.
Giants' Warner Says Best Is Yet to Come ( AP ) . AP - The mention of Kurt Warner brought a gleam to the eyes of New York Giants receiver Tim Carter.
NL Wrap: Pujols Boosts Cards, Giants Delight for Bonds ( Reuters ) . Reuters - Albert Pujols cracked his 40th home run of the season and reached 100 RBI for the fourth straight year to help the St Louis Cardinals blank the host Pittsburgh Pirates 4-0 in the National League Sunday.
VAUGHAN LOVES IT WHEN ENGLAND PLANS COME TOGETHER. Michael Vaughan has toasted England #39;s latest strategic plan after two of the new components starred in the win over India in the NatWest Challenge.
US urgres free, fair Ukraine vote. The US State Department Friday reiterated the need for free and fair elections in Ukraine and urged Russia to support such a process.
Vital Signs for the Week of Nov. 22. The dollar is dipping again. After falling against major currencies such as the euro, yen, and Canadian dollar in 2002 and 2003, the greenback stabilized this year.
Trend plans mobile antivirus in 05. Trend Micro Inc is planning to release antivirus software aimed at the mobile carrier and handset maker markets next June, an executive said as the firm launched a free antivirus-antispam package aimed at the end user.
Ramirez OK After Fouling Ball Off Knee. The most satisfying images from the Boston Red Sox's latest win are the X-rays of Manny Ramirez's knee. The Boston slugger fouled a ball off his knee in the fourth inning of the Red Sox's 5-3 home victory over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night...
